Bug restart fallback (#5112)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/4601.bugfix.rst

> Fixed issue with action_restart getting overridden by action_listen when the mapping policy and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed issue with ``action_restart`` getting overridden by ``action_listen`` when the ``MappingPolicy`` and 
```

> two stage fallback policy are used together.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the docs of the TwoStageFallback Policy
